[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2016 epic space opera film
rogue one a Star Wars story so let's
begin this film takes place just before
the events of Episode four a new hope
and if you'd like to see a summary for
that as well as the other Star Wars
films check out the cards above research
scientists gallon or so and his family
are hiding on the planet lamu imperial
weapons developer orson cranek arrives
to press him into completing the Death
Star a space station based super weapon
capable of destroying planets Galan's
wife Lyra is killed but their daughter
Jin escapes and it's taken safely by
rebel extremists sauger era fifteen
years later cargo pilot Bodie rook
defects from the Empire taking a
holographic message recorded by Galan to
Guerrera on the desert moon Jetta rebel
intelligence officer casseon and or
freeze Jin from the Imperial labor camp
before bringing her to the rebel leader
of Mon Mothma who convinces her to find
and rescue Galen so that the Alliance
can learn more about the deaths are
however casseon is covertly ordered to
kill Galen rather than extract him Jin
casseon and a reprogram droid k2so4 to
Jetta where the Empire's removing Kyber
crystals to power the Death Star and
Guerrera and his group are fighting back
with the aid of turret emwi and Bay's
Melba's jin makes contact with Guerrera
who has been holding rook captive
Guerrera shows her the message in which
Galan reveals that he has built an
intentional vulnerability in the Death
Star and directs them to retrieve the
schematics from an imperial data bank on
the planets careth on the Death Star
chronic orders a low-powered test shot
which destroys Jettas capital jin and
her group take rook and flee but
guerrero remains to die with the city
grand moff tarkin congratulate scren ik
but uses rooks defection and security
week as a pretext to take control of the
project
rook leads the group to gheylens
imperial research facility on the planet
Yahoo where Kassian chooses to not kill
Galen Rowell bombers attack the facility
and Galen dies in his daughter's arms
before she escapes with the group cranek
is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for
the attack on yahoo chronic seeks
Vader's support for an audience with the
Emperor
but Vader and said orders him to ensure
that no further breaches occur Jin
proposes a plan to steal the Death Star
schematics using the rebel fleet but
fails to get approval from the Alliance
Council who feel victory against the
Empire is now impossible frustrated with
their inaction Jin's group lead a small
squad of rebel volunteers to raid the
data banks themselves arriving at Scarah
on the stolen Imperial ship dubbed rogue
one gin and casseon enter the base with
k2s oh while the other rebels attack the
resident Imperial garrison as a
distraction the rebel fleet learns about
the raid from an intercepted
communication and they deploy support
k2s o sacrifices himself so jin and
cassian can retrieve the data turret is
killed after activating the master
switch to allow communications with the
rebel fleet and mal bus dies shortly
afterwards rook is also killed by a
grenade after informing the rebel fleet
that it must deactivate the shield
surrounding the planet in order to allow
the transmission of the schematic
ginning casseon obtained the schematics
but they are ambushed by cranek who is
eventually shot by Kassadin jin
transmits the schematics to the rebel
command ship however the Death Star
enters the orbit above scare off' where
Tarkin uses another low powered shot to
destroy the compromised base kilink
Renick casseon and jin the rebel fleet
prepares for jump into hyperspace but
many of the fleet ships are intercepted
by Vader's flagship Vader boards the
rebel command ship and attempts to
regain the schematics killing many but a
small starship escapes with these
schematics on board aboard the fleeing
ship Princess Leia declares that the
schematics will provide hope the
rebellion leading directly into Episode
four a new hope so that was the spoilers
for rogue one a Star Wars story
they have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching